Serializer Avro (#383)
AxonIQ/code-samples: serialization-avro/README.md

# Serialization with Apache Avro

> This sample demonstrates usage of Apache Avro for messaging and storage of events inside AxonServer.
> For commands, events and queries and query responses the Avro schema definitions are provided and are located 
> in `src/main/avro` directory. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample demonstrates usage of Apache Avro as the serializer for messaging and storage of events inside Axon Server.
For commands, events, queries, and query responses the Avro schema definitions are provided and are located 
in `src/main/avro` directory. 

```

> Here is an example for `CardIssuedEvent` event:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example schema for the `CardIssuedEvent` event:

```

```avroschema
{
    "type": "record",
    "namespace": "io.axoniq.dev.samples.serializationavro.api",
    "name": "CardIssuedEvent",
    "doc": "A new gift card is issued.",
    "revision": "1",
    "javaAnnotation": "org.axonframework.serialization.Revision(\"1\")",
    "fields": [
        {
            "name": "id",
            "type": "string"
        },
        {
            "name": "amount",
            "type": "int"
        }
    ]
}
```

Using the `avro-maven-plugin`, the Java classes are generated into `target/generated-sources/avro` directory 
during the `generate-sources` build phase. 

The remaining part of the application is a standard implementation of a gift card application, that uses the 
`AvroSerializer` by applying configuration of the serializer using application properties.

```yaml

axon:
  serializer:
    events: avro
    messages: avro

>     general: jackson

Reviewer: Bit of a nit, but I can imagine people might end up here without reading the docs. In doing so, they might think "why not set the `general` serializer to Avro too?" 

So, I was thinking, perhaps it's worthwhile to add a one liner comment here, stating Avro is not supported as the general serializer. What do you think?

Author: They can try, it will throw a nicely formulated exception :-)

Reviewer: Ha yes, that's true of course.
